chaos: add guide to using chaos CLI command (#291)
metalbear-co/docs: docs/use-cases/chaos-testing.md

```

#### Modifying a rule

To edit an existing rule, the rule ID is required - this is printed when a rule is added with `mirrord chaos add`, or can be found in `mirrord chaos list`:

```sh
export RULE_ID='6b8f1c4e-2a73-4d9b-8e56-c3f0a7d1b924'

mirrord chaos list -s $SESSION_ID -r $RULE_ID -f path/to/new_rule.json
```

As with `mirrord chaos add`, new rules can be provided from a file or `stdin`. Only one rule can be modified at a time.

#### Deleting a rule

To remove a specific rule:

```sh
mirrord chaos delete -s $SESSION_ID -r $RULE_ID
```

To remove all rules for this session:

```sh
mirrord chaos delete -s $SESSION_ID
```

#### Formatting

By providing the `--format` argument, the output of `mirrord chaos` can be customised:

- `pretty` (default): print a human readable summary
- `json`: print output in JSON
- `silent`: do not print output (errors are still printed to `stderr`)

When using `mirrord chaos` in scripts, it is recommended that you use `--format json` as the default `pretty` output may be changed in the future.

#### The UI server

{% hint style="info" %}
For more information on the UI server, see [Local UI](../using-mirrord/local-ui.md).
{% endhint %}

> The UI server is required to manage chaos rules, so `mirrord chaos` starts it silently in the background if it is not already running. To stop the UI server manually, for example if it is misbehaving, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the `chaos` sub-commands, it is possible to manage and view chaos rules in mirrord's UI server. When running`mirrord chaos` command, it starts the UI silently in the background if it is not already running. To stop the UI server manually, for example if it is misbehaving, run:
```

```sh
mirrord ui stop
```

### Option 2: making requests manually

**Prerequisites:** Minimum mirrord CLI version `3.232.0`

#### Starting the UI server and a session

> Chaos rules are managed through the mirrord UI server, so start it first:

Reviewer: If `mirrord chaos` starts the UI automatically, maybe we don't need it here? or alternatively, maybe just confirm that the UI is up?

Author: since this is option 2 for using chaos, I figured people not using chaos CLI at all (maybe people on older CLI versions?) might appreciate it being mentioned - I prefer your idea to check it's already running though 👀 will rephrase
